[Music]
imagine being able to travel at the
speed of light really short commute huh
but think of this you travel 186,000
miles in just one second
in other words it would take you just a
second to go around earth seven and a
half times it seems like an awful waste
of endless opportunities to make why not
travel to space but first things first
let's figure out how fast the speed of
light is spoiler it's very fast it's the
speed at which light travels in a
perfect vacuum and it's 671 million
miles per hour it takes sunlight on
average eight minutes and 17 seconds to
travel all the way from the Sun to earth
why don't we humans explore space at the
speed of light well in short the laws of
physics make it impossible let's ignore
this insignificant detail for now and
imagine we can move at the speed of
light
the moon is almost two hundred thirty
nine thousand miles away from our planet
this distances the same as thirty
Earth's placed side-by-side if you were
traveling to our planets natural
satellite at the speed of light it would
take you just a bit more than one second
to reach your destination for comparison
if you decided to drive to the mode
without breaking speed limits at about
65 miles per hour it would take you
almost 3,700 hours which is 154 days or
more than five months venus is the
closest planet to earth on average the
distance between the morning star and
our planet is 25 million miles that's
1,000 times as long as the distance
around Earth still while traveling at
the speed of light you'd need just two
minutes before you landed your
spacecraft on Venus it might be just
enough time to munch on a big burrito on
the other hand if Venus was on the other
side of the Sun it would take you 15
minutes to reach it and that time is
enough to have a proper meal if you had
to use a car the trip to Venus would
take you almost 400,000 hours which is
about 44 and a half years
the smallest ever observed distance
between Earth and Mars is 35 million
miles the average distance is around 140
million miles and the greatest distance
reaches 250 million miles which is 1,000
times the distance from Earth to the
Moon
anyway let's imagine it's your lucky day
and you have to travel the smallest
distance then you need a bit more than
three minutes to step on the reddish
Martian sands if you travel to the red
planet by car at a speed of 65 miles per
hour well you're gonna want to bring a
big lunch you would spend five hundred
forty thousand hours which is more than
62 years in your vehicle better change
your oil while you can the average
distance between mercury and Earth is 48
million miles which is 10,000 times as
long as the distance between Los Angeles
and New York traveling at the speed of
light you'd spend almost four and a half
minutes to reach your destination you
can watch two official movie trailers
during this time by car oh boy you would
need 740 thousand hours or more than 85
years to make a one-way trip it's time
to travel to our one and only Sun which
is almost 93 million miles away from
Earth but when you travel at the speed
of light this distance doesn't seem so
huge anymore it would take you just a
bit more than eight minutes to get to
the Sun surface
oh it's hot eight minutes it's almost
enough to watch a YouTube video
traveling by car is another story you
would be stuck in it for about a million
and a half hours it makes 165 years in
space way too long you visited all the
nearest sites and it's time for longer
trips how about traveling to Jupiter the
distance between this planet and earth
varies with the smallest being 365
million miles and the greatest more than
600 million miles let's assume you don't
have to travel that far even so you'd
need about 32 minutes to reach the
largest planet in the Solar System that
time is enough to have an
but if you went by car you would spend
several lifetimes to cover the distance
which is 150,000 times as long as the
Mississippi River to be precise it would
take you almost 650 years Wow what
Jupiter is by no means the furthest you
can go Saturn is about 750 million miles
away from Earth at its closest that's
three thousand distances from our planet
to the moon and still if you traveled at
the speed of light you wouldn't even
have enough time to watch your favorite
movie the entire journey would take a
bit more than an hour by car
Wow you would spend more than 13-hundred
years to reach Saturn that's what I call
a long-haul flight better hope they have
meal service and some entertainment and
now let's use that speed of light to the
fullest and go to Uranus get your
spaceship thoroughly checked because
you'll have to travel 1.6 billion miles
that's the closest Uranus has ever been
to Earth
thanks to your lightning-fast speed the
trip wouldn't take too much time just a
bit more than 2 hours by car hmm you'd
need almost 3,000 years to reach Uranus
it's 150,000 times as long as the Apollo
11 mission be careful at one point you
might get bored with your ability to
move at the speed of light you could
even travel to the outskirts of the
solar system toward the Oort cloud rumor
has it the Oort cloud might contain more
than a trillion that's 1 million million
comets
it needs 3 years to reach that faraway
place that's enough to see all the
movies on your to watch list read at
least a hundred books or write your own
one now don't even consider driving to
the Oort cloud it would take you
millions of years to reach your
destination you can also visit the
closest to Earth star other than the Sun
Proxima Centauri is more than 24
trillion miles away from our planet
that's 24 with 12 zeros no worries I get
confused too but if you decide to set
off on such a journey be ready to spend
4 years to get there a road trip to
Proxima Centauri would take 44 million
your trips get longer and longer you're
about to visit the center of our home
Milky Way galaxy the thing is really big
more than 100 thousand light-years in
diameter and another 1,000 light-years
thick by the way remember one light year
is the distance light travels in a year
and it's about 6 trillion miles plus the
Milky Way galaxy is home to 400 billion
stars and even more planets to get to
the center of the Milky Way you would
have to travel a distance of 25,000
light-years even at the speed of light
it would still take you guess what
25,000 years by car it would take a bit
longer make up a number that's still too
small but say you're getting ambitious
why not visit the closest to earth large
spiral galaxy that'll be the end dromeda
galaxies in this case you need to pack
as many supplies and entertainments as
possible because the trip would take two
and a half million years me well I think
long before this point I just bail and
go visit Niagara Falls hey if you
learned something new today then give
the video a like and share it with a
friend and here are some other videos I
think you'll enjoy just click to the
left or right and remember stay on the
bright side of life